There was once a good doggo waiting for his Human to come back home
1 minute passed. 1 hour passed. 1 day passed. 1 month passed. 
1 year passed. 1 decade passed. But still, he would wait, for his 
Human to come back home. He promised himself that he would be awake
for the day that he heard the knock on the door. And when that day 
finally came, he was shocked to see...

(LKROES)
His Human! But then noticed his human looked older and was sitting in a chair
with wheels. "There he is!" his Human exclaimed. The good doggo wondered where
his Human had gone all this time. Tears were streaming from his eyes after
being reunited with his doggo. Then, the doggo realized there was another
human. Much smaller and younger looking, but looked similar to his Human.
His Human explained that this was his son, who was very eager to get to play
with a doggo. The doggo followed the Humans to their car and hopped in. As
they drove off they came upon...

(Benjamin Lang)
...more doggos! His human pulled into the parkinglot of a doggo park.
There were hundreds of doggos. Big doggos, small doggos, red doggos, but no blue doggos
because those do not exist. His human and the smaller human got out and they held a stick,
the one doggo's weakness. The little boy threw the stick and the doggo sprinted towards it.
It was then that this doggo met a beautiful, elegant, and pretty doggo. Doggo was no longer interested in the stick.
The two doggos locked eyes; but the humans came back to get them. Both doggos were very sad to leave oneanother.
They thought they would never see eachother again until. . . 


(Grace Zeng)

They went to the doggo park again the very next day! Doggo was very excited and played and played with his new friend.
Meanwhile, His Human smiled and turned to his other Human friend.
She was also old and in a chair, but unlike his Human, she only had one eye. 
"When I fell into that cryogenic chamber 70 years ago," he said, 
"I thought I'd never see Seymour again." 
The other Human squeezed his hand. "All dogs go to heaven, Fry. Just be glad you made it in too."

